[docs] feature(security-coverage): add docs for the security coverage feature (#382)
OpenCTI-Platform/docs: docs/usage/security-coverage.md

    is being requested.

### Prerequisites
In order to enable this feature, you must first ensure the following items:

* An active OpenAEV instance ([please refer to the dedicated documentation](https://docs.openaev.io/))
* That same instance be configured as an Enrichment Connector ([see the specific documentation](https://docs.openaev.io/latest/usage/xtm_suite_connector/))

When the above is completed, you should be seeing OpenAEV being listed as an Enrichment Connector:

![OpenAEV Coverage connector listing](assets/openaev-coverage-connector.png)

### Requesting the automated Security Coverage

The automated Security Coverage is requested using the Add Security Coverage button mentioned above.

In the first step of the creation form, users wanting to leverage OpenAEV for the Security Coverage should choose the **Automated using Enrichment** option,
which becomes enabled when the "OpenAEV Coverage" connector is up and healthy and proceed to fill
in the second step of the form.

The Security Coverage is created and OpenCTI is now waiting for OpenAEV to run tests and feed the results back.

> ### Receiving results

Reviewer: I understand the maintenance issue.
Ok for me.

    Coverage in OpenCTI.

Whenever a simulation is completed, the coverage results are sent back to OpenCTI and displayed automatically
in the Security Coverage page.

### Checking the state of the enrichment process from an automated Security Coverage

From the Security Coverage page, you can check the status of the Enrichment Connector's work in the Enrichment menu (top-right):

![Security Coverage enrichment menu](assets/security-coverage-enrichment-menu.png)

This opens a panel where are listed the attempts at actioning OpenAEV for fulfilling the automated coverage assessment.
It is possible to retrigger the action manually by pressing the circular arrow icon (top right in the panel), in case
the previous attempt had failed or if it is necessary to request an updated assessment (e.g. because the contents of the
linked report has changed):

![Security Coverage enrichment retrigger](assets/security-coverage-enrichment-retrigger.png)

## Manual Security Coverage

If OpenAEV is not available for the automated Security Coverage, you can create a Security Coverage in which you will

> be able to provide the assessed results manually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If OpenAEV is not available for the automated Security Coverage, you can create a Security Coverage and provide the assessed results manually.
```
